[theme music]
>>First day, we fell
in love with the house.
>>I get my own room.
>>The owner says, do you and
your family a favor, Roger.
He says, keep the lights
on in this house at night.
>>From day one, there
was a heaviness,
and there was a scariness.
>>Things began to
happen in the house.
>>We started to see multiple
spirits in the house.
30 years ago, the world
was not prepared for this.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Today's topic
would take many hours to cover.
It moves far beyond things
that go bump in the night
to the realms of living in
a multi-dimensional reality
on a very personal level.
You're going to meet a woman
whose family lived a nightmare
but, ultimately, came
to understand why.
And I think your
story, your background,
and what happened to
your family is certainly
one of more intriguing
stories I've ever come across,
but it's not just titillation.
There's meaning behind
every bit of it.
We will not get to all of
that and the real depths of it
until our second conversation
in another month or so.
So we're just going to dive
in and share with people
what happened to your family.
I guess that's-- I don't know--
with their participation,
at least on a soul level anyway.
So let's start about the
surrounding circumstance
of your childhood,
where you were, and then
this impetus to move to the
country onto a 200-acre parcel.
>>ANDREA PERRON: Well, it was--
I start Volume 1 of the trilogy
of books, "House of
Darkness, House of Light"--
I start that prior to
moving to the farm.
And the reason is because
everything that happened
had to happen precisely the
way that it did in order for us
to be catapulted into the
environment where we went.
And there were some really
dark and disturbing things
that happened prior to
us moving to the farm,
and it required that, sadly,
in order for my mother to say,
that's it.
No more.
We're out of Cumberland.
We're leaving.
We're going.
I'm going to go find us
a place in the country.
And yet, she wasn't looking
for it when it came to her.
That's why I opened
the book with, "This
is a cosmic conspiracy."
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Let's talk about one little
mini-play within this
that I found so intriguing,
because this name comes up
in a big way later on.
And that's the name of
Bathsheba and a dog you had.
Now first of all, I want to say
my first exposure to your story
was in the film,
"The Conjuring."
And I thought-- I don't
watch those films normally,
because I don't like
that kind of stress
and those images and such.
However, I was so
intrigued with the story,
and I knew I was going
to be meeting with you.
And we wanted to say right up
front that certain elements did
carry the truth to it in
the film, but a lot of it
was skewed for Hollywood's
sake or to protect something.
>>PERRON: It was.
>>REGINA: It gave the
general feel of it.
>>PERRON: It did.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>PERRON: It was toned
down deliberately
from what was in the books,
because James Wan wanted
a PG-13 rating, and he
still didn't get it.
The MPAA came back and
said, it's just too scary.
It's not kid stuff, and
it needs to be rated R.
But he had access to
all of the material.
I gave them everything that
they asked for and more,
but there were things
about that film
that it's difficult to describe.
It's like a little
kiss from heaven on it.
Even though it does not
represent the story,
even though there
are elements of it
that are fictionalized
in the extreme,
even with that fictional
rendering of the story,
it's still toned down.
>>REGINA: It gives you a
feeling for the experience.
>>PERRON: But it does give
you a feel for the experience.
>>REGINA: But to think
that's toned down
is the kind of surprising part.
>>PERRON: Well, there
was no exorcism.
My mother was not possessed.
My mother was attacked.
And Ed and Lorraine
Warren stepped in,
and they tried to help.
I give them all the
credit in the world
for attempting to bring
our family some peace,
but their presence really
stirred everything up
even more.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now we're going
to go through now
that we've brought all this
up and start diagramming what
happened, and toward
the end, we will get
to the Warren's participation.
But again, we're going to
have to have a second or even
a second and third conversation.
So set the background for us
prior to moving to the country,
and let's talk about
the dog named Bathsheba.
>>PERRON: About two to two
and a half years prior to us
moving to the farm, my father
came home with a puppy for us,
and she was the most
extraordinary dog
I had ever seen.
I fell madly in love
with her instantly.
And she was African Basenji.
They had pointed ears and curly
tails, and they don't bark.
They yodel.
And I felt-- that was it.
I was gone.
I so loved this dog.
I was devoted to her.
And even though she
belongs to all of us--
she was really my dog--
and my mother swept her up
into her arms, and she said,
this is a very special dog,
and she needs an
equally special name.
And she just held
her to her bosom,
and she looked up
and closed her eyes,
and when she opened her
eyes, she said, Bathsheba.
Bathsheba.
I had never heard
that name in my life.
>>REGINA: Not a typical
dog's name anyway.
And this is going to
factor in very powerfully,
because when we start talking
about the entities in the house
that were already connecting
with you at that time,
one of them is Bathsheba.
Your mother, she didn't
get it out of nowhere.
>>PERRON: Nope.
She didn't.
>>REGINA: It wasn't a random
choice, but it was a precursor.
And what you had
said off camera was
that when that happened and
these other events happened,
it was clear that
it was preordained
that your family was going
to have this experience.
>>PERRON: It was, and it was
the most innocuous happening.
My mom took me to-- I played
flute-- my mom took me
to a flute lesson, and it
was an hour-long lesson,
so she grabbed a local
paper and never even really
got to read it.
Brought it home that
night, we all went to bed,
and that was her quiet time.
And she opened up the newspaper,
was drinking a cup of coffee,
and she said it was like the
advertisement for this farm
just leapt out of the
paper into her eyes.
At 9:00 or 9:30 at night,
she called the realtor.
Even in these days, you don't
call people that late at night,
and the woman was very gracious
and made an appointment
to show her the farm
the next morning.
She slipped off without
telling us where she was going,
had our friend Kathy come stay
with us while she was gone.
And while she was
there, she looked
at this piece of property and
knew that it was her destiny,
that it was ours.
She emptied the family bank
account, wrote an earnest money
check for $500, left
enough money in the account
to keep it open and cover bread
and milk until my father got
back from a business trip.
>>REGINA: What a
gutsy thing to do.
For just a moment now,
let's backtrack, because now
we're going to move toward
your ultimate move-in day.
What happened with
your dog, Bathsheba?
>>PERRON: I wrote about
Bathsheba in the book,
but in the film, they have
our family dog dying right
after we move to the farm.
I didn't put that in the book.
I thought it would be two
morose and that it would scare
my readers away,
and they would think
this is just going to be one
dead animal after another.
And so I didn't even
put it in the book.
I don't know how the
producers or the screenwriters
had that information.
But another dog died,
beautiful dog Schultz
died when we moved to the farm.
And it's not in Volume 1.
My publisher wants me to put it
in there so that people aren't
confused, but Bathsheba
got killed in my care
when we were living
in Cumberland.
She pulled away from me
and ran across the highway,
and I made the terrible
mistake of calling her back.
And she always came.
And I didn't--
>>REGINA: It put her
in the path of the car.
>>PERRON: It did.
>>REGINA: And that was
pretty devastating for you.
Yeah, I know you
can't talk about it.
I understand.
And so, OK.
So I understand now
where we're talking
about two different dogs here.
But I just wanted to set it
up that it didn't-- the way
the movie had played it out,
it's as though the spirits
killed the dog the first
day you were there.
It was another bizarre
thing prior to that
that had actually occurred.
So let's move on
now to your mother
finally sucks your dad
into the whole dream.
>>PERRON: He wanted to know
how to get the check back.
That's all he wanted to know--
>>REGINA: Yeah, no
money in the account.
>>PERRON: And she said,
Roger, I'm telling you
this is the real estate
deal of a lifetime.
And it turned out to be
the surrealistic deal
of a lifetime.
But she said, just
give it a chance.
Just come look.
And so we had a
big old Bonneville.
I mean, we called it the
Catholicmobile-- room for seven
and luggage.
And we all piled in,
and we went to the farm
and met dear old Mr. Kenyon who
owned the piece of property.
He didn't want to leave.
He didn't want to sell it.
His son was pressuring him
into selling the property,
because he was older.
It was very remote, and he
didn't want to be that far away
from his father.
>>REGINA: How many bedrooms?
Nine or something?
>>PERRON: No.
The farmhouse itself was
more than 200 feet long.
There were one, two,
three, four, five bedrooms
after my parents converted
the summer kitchen.
Their bedroom was so active, and
so much was happening in there
that they abandoned it.
And my father refurbished
what was the summer
kitchen of the farm and
turned that into their bedroom
about three years
after we moved there.
>>REGINA: So it was large.
The house itself, the personal
property of the house was what?
Six acres, which is quite a--
>>PERRON: It was 200 acres.
>>REGINA: I mean the six
area-- the walled in area.
>>PERRON: That was
just the backyard.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I mean
that's what you mow.
Six acres to mow.
Just to give people
a feel of the yard
you had to play in
and then, of course,
200 acres that went out
into the woods, streams,
and all of that.
Beautiful nature.
>>PERRON: Oh, it was beautiful.
>>REGINA: So your dad
fell in love with it too.
>>PERRON: He did.
He did against his
own better judgment,
but he got sucked in totally.
And my parents moved
heaven and earth.
It was $72,000 back in 1970.
That was a lot of money.
>>REGINA: But 200 acres
and a massive farmhouse.
>>PERRON: And a huge
barn, and I mean, it
was just extraordinary.
Beautiful place.
Paradise.
And it took six months.
>>REGINA: When was
the house built?
This matters.
>>PERRON: The house
was deeded in 1680
as one of the pieces of
land, parcels of land
that Roger Williams
parsed out to people
who would come down to follow
him from the Massachusetts Bay
Colony.
And the reason that he did
that was because Connecticut
was encroaching from the West,
and Massachusetts Bay Colony
was encroaching from
the North and the East.
And the only way for him
to establish his own colony
was to parse out
large pieces of land
to literally create the
borders of Rhode Island.
And so the Richardson
family got this piece,
and it was thousands
of acres originally.
By the time we bought it,
it was down to 200 acres.
But it was originally surveyed
by John Smith, the John Smith.
And the house, as it's completed
now, was finished in 1736.
So it was, as it stands
now, a true colonial relic
completed 40 years before the
signing of the Declaration
of Independence.
>>REGINA: And how long
had Mr. Kenyon been there?
>>PERRON: Oh,
decades and decades.
I don't know exactly how long.
He married into
eight generations
of one extended family that
lived and died in that house
prior to our arrival.
We were the first outsiders.
>>REGINA: OK.
Let's talk about what happened.
So the day has come.
The deal has been
struck, and Mr. Kenyon
whispers, takes your
dad aside, and softly
tells him something, which
your dad didn't exactly
tell the whole story to
you right away, right?
>>PERRON: No.
In fact, he didn't know
what to make of it.
He really did think it was
just the kindly ramblings
of an elderly gentleman.
Mr. Kenyon took-- it was
an unbelievable snowstorm
that day.
It had started to subside by the
time we had unloaded the truck,
but he took my father out
for a walk on the property,
and he said, Roger, for
the sake of your family,
leave the lights on at night.
And my father extrapolated
from that, five little girls,
big house new to them, only one
bathroom on the first floor,
and they were all upstairs so
that his little girls didn't
go tumbling down
these dark stairwells.
That's what he thought
the warning was about.
But it wasn't until
several months
later that we found
out from everyone
that lived in that community
that there was never
a time that they drove
past the Kenyon's place
that every light wasn't on
in that house all night long.
And that's how they
held them at bay.
He never admitted that
the house was haunted.
I don't think that
he wanted to be
thought of as a crazy old man.
Bless his heart.
He was the sweetest
human being I ever met.
>>REGINA: But he had
to have been hearing
things bump in the night.
>>PERRON: Well, he came
to visit, and my mom said,
Earl, I'm hearing very
strange noises in the parlor.
And he just winked
at her, and he said,
swallows in the
chimney, my dear.
Swallows in the chimney.
In other words, that's it.
We're not discussing
this anymore.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now at the same time this was
happening, when they were first
connecting with the
house, and your dad
was starting to fall
in love, your mother
was just deeply
overcome with a sense
of sadness all of a
sudden out of the blue.
And this was her dream.
So there you go.
I mean, if you start
watching the signs,
but what would you
attribute that to
without any
foreknowledge of what
was going on in that house?
>>PERRON: Believe me when
I tell you the last thing
that any of us thought
was that we might
be moving into a haunted house.
My mother is a brilliant
woman, and she's very deeply
immersed in history.
She reads a great
deal of history.
And for her to get one of the
original colonial homes of New
England put her over the moon.
Nobody even
considered that there
might be immortal characters
that we would be sharing space
with in the house.
However, one of the questions
that I get asked frequently
is, when did it start?
Within one minute.
>>REGINA: Within one minute.
Yes.
And now let's start
in-- so you moved in.
Let's start with the
phenomena, and let's also
talk about the
coldness of the house.
As you said, it had
been a winter storm when
you were there before, but
there was almost nothing you
could do to warm that house up.
>>PERRON: There's a real
difference between natural cold
and supernatural cold.
And even though it's an
old farmhouse and nothing
but clapboard, no insulation, it
had a full heating system that
seemed to do no good at all.
All the fireplaces had
been completely sealed up,
so there was no
access to a fireplace.
And the day that we
moved in, my father
threw open the back of the van,
handed me a very large box,
and said, take this to
your mother in the kitchen.
I went in through the
closest door to me,
which was the parlor
door off the front porch,
and I took a hard right
into the dining room
where Mr. Kenyon was packing up
the last of his belongings out
of the china cabinet.
And I saw an oddly
dressed man standing over
in the corner near the door,
and I said good morning,
because I was a well-raised
child and very polite.
And he ignored me
like I was the ghost.
So I kept walking, and
I went to the kitchen,
and I said, Mom, who's
the other man with Mr.
Kenyon in the dining room?
She said, no, there
is no other man.
His son's coming to help, but
there's nobody else with him.
I said, but-- and
then Nancy walked in.
No, Christine walked
in with a box.
>>REGINA: There
were five sisters.
We need to establish that.
>>PERRON: And four of
us saw him that day.
And Christine walks in.
She said, Mom, who's
the man with Mr. Kenyon?
She said, there's no
other man with Mr. Kenyon.
And then Cindy walks in.
She's like, Mom, the man.
My mother's like, really?
And then Nancy walks in, and she
said-- she leans over to Cindy,
and she said, you know
that man in the dining room
with Mr. Kenyon?
He just disappeared.
But it was chaos in the house.
There was a caravan of cars,
a moving van, probably 20
or 25 people that were
there helping us move in,
bringing more things, trying
to get the animals in who
didn't want to have anything
to do with the house.
The dogs, the cats,
they're like, no, no, no.
And we had to drag
them into the house.
It was nuts.
>>REGINA: And they
were cowering.
>>PERRON: They were cowering.
They were crying,
including the dog
that we lost two weeks later.
And I just couldn't-- I couldn't
find it in my heart to put that
story in the book.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
don't blame you.
>>PERRON: It was really tough.
>>REGINA: There's enough
that's tough in there.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
95% of what happened to
us is in these books.
And there's 5% that we
have, give or take--
>>REGINA: There's no reason.
I mean, you get a full
flavor of it with that.
>>PERRON: It's just too
personal and too tough.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Now by this time, your
mother and April-- let's talk
about April, your little sister.
She was a beautiful little
blonde thing that just--
>>PERRON: Precious.
>>REGINA: She could
see, and she could hear,
and she had an innocent heart.
Let's talk about how she
first started experiencing it
and your mom.
>>PERRON: Well, my
mother had a sense
of sadness that was
overwhelming to her,
and she did not know
where it was coming from.
I felt it as well, but I didn't
know where it was coming from,
and I was always the chipper
cheerful leader of the pack.
>>REGINA: You're the eldest.
>>PERRON: So I had to
keep a stiff upper lip
and be happy, because
it seemed to help her.
I was always mommy's
little helper.
I was really-- eventually, I
morphed into a third parent,
because when she
started going downhill,
someone had to step up.
And so for all
intents and purposes,
I helped raise my four
younger sisters in that house.
But it began happening
with her in a very odd way.
It was more of a sensory
perception of something
being around her,
something watching,
and we all sensed it as well
the second or third night
we were in the house.
Cindy, little Cindy,
who was at the time--
she's number four-- eight, and
I was 12, came and crawled in.
I was the only one
that had my own room,
and I had a big double bed.
And she came into the
bedroom, and she said, Annie,
can I sleep with you tonight?
I said, of course.
I pulled back the quilt.
It was January.
We were freezing to death.
Extra body heat
was always welcome.
And she said, I'm scared.
And I said, what are
you scared about, honey?
And she said, I hear
voices in my room.
I said, is Christine
talking in her sleep again?
She's like, no, it's not Chris.
I hear voices, and they're
all talking to me at one time,
and they're all
saying the same thing.
>>REGINA: And what
were they saying?
>>PERRON: There are seven dead
soldiers buried in the wall.
There are seven dead
>>REGINA: I've got chills in
my hair when you say that.
>>PERRON: Over and
over and over again.
There was no escaping them.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now as she turned out to be
the one that also had this very
clear connection with them.
She could see them, right?
>>PERRON: She couldn't see them.
She could hear them.
>>REGINA: And
April did see them?
>>PERRON: But she didn't
hear them audibly.
She heard them from here.
April developed-- she was
the only one not in school,
so while we were off, she
was home alone in the house.
And my mother would often
hear her, blah, blah,
blah, up in the--
there was a closet
between the second
and third bedroom
that had the center chimney
that came right through it.
So it was very strange
the way it was.
It wasn't actually
supposed to be a closet,
but it was large enough that
it would house the chimney,
and then there were
little doors that
headed off into the eaves
around it on both sides.
And it was about that wide all
the way around the chimney,
but it was warm, and
it was one of the only
warm spots in the house.
So April would go in there with
all of her Fisher Price toys,
and we had the farm.
We had all the Little People.
We had Lincoln Logs.
We had Legos.
And we had this huge expansive--
it was like creativity central.
And we would-- I really
was too old for that,
but she and Cindy, particularly,
loved to play with the Legos,
and they would set up the
village, a Little People
village in there.
And she was in there one day,
and one of the doors opened.
And the eave doors were
probably only about this wide.
They were very, very
small, and the door opened,
and she said a little blond boy
with watery green eyes peeked
out of the door.
And she looked at him, and
she was like, well, hello.
She was only five.
And, of course, children
are wide-eyed wonder,
and the world is all new, and
everything's a revelation,
and she accepted him.
And she said that he turned,
and he looked around.
He looked terrified.
And he looked over his shoulder,
and he looked side to side
to make sure that he was alone.
And then he crawled out
on his hands and knees,
and she described
everything about him.
He had almost platinum blonde
hair, very pale green eyes
that looked like he
was always crying,
and very thin little
pink, pink lips.
But his skin looked pale.
He looked ill.
He was probably no more
than five or six years old,
which I think is why
he gravitated to her.
And they would play together,
and he identified himself
to her as Oliver Richardson,
although he never spoke aloud.
He always spoke to
her telepathically.
But he would pick up her
toys, and he would hold them.
Obviously, he had never
seen anything like this.
And he would take them,
and he would turn them over
in his hand, and
the Little People
are all done in primary colors,
the little wooden things.
And he would flip
them upside down,
and they always had a hole
in the bottom of them,
and he's looking in the
hole, and she would just
let him play with her toys.
And they became fast friends,
but she never told any of us
about him, especially
when the Warrens came.
She was so afraid
they were going
to make him go away that she
never told anybody about it
until 30 years after the fact.
But my mother knew
something was going on.
>>REGINA: Was he the one that
she would play teacher with?
Or was that a different entity?
>>PERRON: No, no.
I was the one that
played teacher.
I was the teacher.
And we had big,
beautiful chalkboard,
slate chalkboard that I loved.
It was given to me as a gift
when I was about seven or eight
when my parents were both
quite sure that I was going
to become a college professor.
They were sure of it.
I was very intellectually
precocious.
And when we moved
to the farm, we
set up the middle
bedroom as a classroom.
And it was one of these,
you could flip it.
It had big solid oak.
I couldn't move it alone.
I always had to
have my dad's help.
And when we would leave the
room-- and by that time,
we knew to all travel together,
that nobody-- we knew.
>>REGINA: Yes.
You didn't stay alone.
>>PERRON: We didn't stay alone.
>>REGINA: I was wondering,
because I thought
it was-- there was a place
where your mother was saying
that April was playing
teacher when she was really
little over near the
wardrobe, and it never
occurred to her that
maybe she was actually
talking to somebody.
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: That could-- she
ahd developed that friendship.
>>PERRON: My mother thought
she was playing teacher,
or she was playing
Barbie and having them
talk to each other or whatever.
>>REGINA: But it
never occurred to her
she was talking to a spirit.
So you didn't find out about
this until far after the fact.
You 30 years later
before she really
told about how she felt
about this little boy.
>>PERRON: It was
the hardest thing
about leaving the farm for her.
>>REGINA: Because
they were friends.
Now I remember one little bit
as I was going through the book
about-- and I think
it was her, again,
but correct me if
it's not-- she was
starting to experience things
when she was in bed at night
too.
There was some shaking going on.
And they do depict
this in the movie,
but in a little
more violent way.
I don't know if it actually
happened like that, where there
was a tugging on the ankles.
>>PERRON: It wasn't
so much that.
>>REGINA: That was
the movie version.
But her, was the bed shaking?
>>PERRON: Yes.
It started with
the beds shaking,
and it really, at
one time or another,
it happened to all of us, but
it happened to Cindy routinely.
And the bed would
start to shake,
and very often in
the morning, we
would all wake up-- my
mother and father included--
and our beds would be moved.
They would not be in the
place that they were put.
Every morning we had to put our
beds back where they belonged,
whether it was against a
wall, in my parents case,
up against two doors that
went to the dining room.
And there was no explaining it.
Why we didn't discuss it--
>>REGINA: That's what I
was just going to ask.
Didn't your sisters and
you talk about this?
>>PERRON: We just pushed our
beds back where they belonged.
>>REGINA: But didn't you talk
about any of these things?
>>PERRON: Not for--
>>REGINA: The voices
you were hearing?
>>PERRON: Well, the
girls would come to me.
I, being the eldest sister,
and they trusted me.
They would come and tell me
what was happening to them,
but they wouldn't tell Mom.
And the reason that
they wouldn't tell Mom
was because it was
obvious that she was
having some issues of her own.
>>REGINA: That's where
we're going next.
She had major deterioration.
What a horrible way
to live for her.
>>PERRON: It was.
>>REGINA: Can you talk
about the progression
of what happened to her?
>>PERRON: About-- well, we
moved in on January 11, 1971,
even though we had purchased
the house-- they closed on it
at the beginning of December.
But my mother was not moving
her family over Christmas.
And Mr. Kenyon
wasn't ready either.
So we moved in the
1st of January,
and the thing that was so
bizarre about that was we
felt relegated to
playing in the house.
It was just so cold outside.
But playing--
>>REGINA: Sounds like
it was as cold inside.
>>PERRON: It pretty much was.
In some spots, incredibly so.
And so they were accurate
about that in the film
about we played hide and
seek, but my mother never
played with us.
She was busy setting
up a new household.
So we took care of ourselves,
and we learned very quickly
that it was much
safer to go sledding
in the backyard and crash into
a solid granite stone wall
than it was to play hide
and seek in that house.
>>REGINA: [laughing]
You know, I get it.
I mean you were
telling me off camera
that there were some events
that we haven't talked
about yet that occurred
that none of you
ever went to the bathroom,
for example, by yourself.
You were always accompanied.
The door was always open
when Dad wasn't around.
It wasn't safe to be
alone in the house.
>>PERRON: No, it wasn't.
And it started off slowly.
It started with beds moving a
little bit, and in the morning
we'd have to push them back.
And then it started
with the bed levitating,
and then it got
so bad for Cindy.
It really did.
Cindy was the one that
took the brunt of it,
and I think there's
a reason for that.
They left me pretty much alone.
When I would be approached,
I would tell them, I'm busy,
and I don't have time
for this right now.
I was usually doing
homework or something,
and they would-- and I felt
very calm and very accepting
of them, which is probably
why they did not torment me.
>>REGINA: What about Cindy?
Well, then what was her--
>>PERRON: Cindy died when
she was two months old.
She had major surgery.
She was born with a
horrific birth defect,
and they brought her back.
And she came back a very old,
wise soul, and they knew it.
And she was the one
that they gravitated to,
but it wasn't until my mother
opened up the fireplace.
This house was so cold.
There really aren't
words to describe it.
And it was April that my
mother opened up the fireplace,
took a crowbar to the front
of it, and just went to town.
She and April pulled
it all apart one day
while we were in school,
and when we came home,
we helped finish the job.
We had a wood shed
full of seasoned wood
that was going to waste, because
every fireplace in the house
was closed.
And we didn't know
why, and Mr. Kenyon
wouldn't share with us why
all the house was shut up
the way it was.
>>REGINA: So your mother--
>>PERRON: That's
what triggered it--
when she changed the house.
One of our neighbors
came over that afternoon,
and she had brought us a
cake that she'd baked for us,
and my mom was in the
shower at the time.
And I peeked in
the bathroom door.
I said, Auntie Phyllis is
here-- we called her Auntie.
And we really took to them.
They had five boys.
We had five girls.
We lived relatively
close to each other,
so it was kind of a meshing
that took place automatically.
We all rode the bus together.
We got to know each other first.
And so she walked in
the door with the cake,
and I peeked in the
bathroom and let
my mother know she was
there, and she said, well,
just make some coffee,
and I'll be out shortly.
And remember how
I told you there
was a closet with the
chimney on the top floor?
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>PERRON: Well, it was
on the bottom floor too.
Of course, the chimney came
right up from the cellar.
And so we had a room
off the bathroom
that we called the
warm room, which
is where we would go change,
because we were freezing
getting out of the shower.
And my mom went in
there, and there
was an old, heavy wooden
coat hanger, several of them
that Mr. Kenyon had left
behind when he moved.
And she used it
really as a closet.
It was deep, and there
were racks in there.
So the coat hangers were just
laying there unused, and all
of a sudden, we're
all out in the kitchen
visiting with our
neighbor, and can't
wait to get into the
cake she brought.
And suddenly, we hear
my mother screaming,
and we all ran
into the bathroom,
and then threw open the
door to the warm room,
and stood there,
including our neighbor,
watching my mother be brutally
beaten by this coat hanger.
Just-- I mean, she had bruises
and abrasions all over her neck
and her head, her chest, and
she was standing there naked.
She had dropped her
robe to the floor,
and it was a shocking sight.
>>REGINA: I can't even fathom.
>>PERRON: It was-- I
mean, it was shocking.
Needless to say, our
neighbor left very quickly,
and she never came back to
the house in all the years
that we lived there.
We went to visit them,
but she never came back,
nor did she let her
children come to the house.
>>REGINA: And this sent your
mother on quite a descent.
>>PERRON: It did, and the thing
that was so terrible about it--
and it's hard to
talk about this,
because this was the beginning
of the end of a marriage.
My father came home
from his business trip.
He was not a truck driver.
He had his own jewelry
business, a trunk business,
and he had clients all the
way from Quebec to Ohio
to Florida, so he
traveled quite a bit.
And he came home, and my
mother showed him the wounds
that she had sustained and told
him what happened, and he said,
I don't believe it.
>>REGINA: Well, I mean,
you can understand
both-- you can understand
his position in that.
>>PERRON: I don't.
>>REGINA: You wouldn't
believe his wife is--
that doesn't seem
congruent to me,
but that it's so unfathomable
that a coat hanger would
take off of its own volition
and beat the hell out
of her is unfathomable too.
But that he didn't believe
her, that was the end of it.
>>PERRON: She would have
swallowed her own tongue
before she lied to us.
And we were raised-- we
didn't know how to lie.
We were never taught how to lie.
It was unacceptable behavior.
We learned by osmosis
to be honest children.
>>REGINA: And your father
didn't know her any better
than that at this point.
>>PERRON: He did.
He admits now--
>>REGINA: He just was in denial?
>>PERRON: He was in denial.
He was king of denial for years.
And the thing that is so
frustrating about that
is that he did know that
she was telling the truth,
and now he admits that he was
so fearful about the fact.
It was back in a different time.
He was the only
man of the house.
There were no male
children, and he
felt like it was
a situation where
he had no control
over the environment
that he had just
moved his family into.
But he made a very bad
decision in not believing her,
because then we learned that
we couldn't trust him with what
was happening with us.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>PERRON: And it wasn't
until June of the first year
that we lived there
that I went to my mom,
and I said, I have
to talk to you.
I have to tell you
what's happening.
And it opened the floodgates.
I went to the kitchen with her.
We were on the front porch
when I began talking to her,
and something had happened.
I don't even remember
what it was now,
but something pretty severe had
happened with one of the girls,
and I just knew it was
time to tell my mother.
This was not something we
needed to keep to ourselves
any longer.
And we had obviously seen
what had happened to her.
I told her everything
that I knew.
She said, go get your sisters.
Don't wake April up.
Go get Nancy,
Christine, and Cindy,
and bring them to the kitchen.
And we had a pow-wow, and it
was full disclosure that night
till probably midnight or
1 o'clock in the morning.
And she didn't disclose to
us what was happening to her,
but she listened to what
we were telling her.
We didn't know what she had
already been through a month
before.
>>REGINA: She was
starting to age.
She was in extreme pain.
She was depressed.
>>PERRON: My mother
was drop dead gorgeous.
My mother was model material.
>>REGINA: I saw one picture.
She was.
>>PERRON: Absolutely, strikingly
beautiful, and she began to age
at a remarkable rate.
Keep in mind, she
was only 29 years old
and had five children.
And when we moved
into that farm,
it began taking a toll on her
that was stunning, absolutely
stunning.
She began losing weight.
Her skin began to wrinkle.
She suddenly, out of nowhere,
a perfectly flawless complexion
that changed.
She started to look
like someone else.
And we didn't know
for a very long time
that there was a spirit in that
house that was, for all intents
and purposes, oppressing her.
If it couldn't have
the run of her,
if it couldn't take
over from outside in,
it was going to take
over from the inside out.
And so over the course
of several years,
I had the unfortunate
happenstance
of watching my mother
be manipulated.
Her voice began to change.
She started using
archaic English words
that have been out of use
for hundreds of years.
Yeoman-- you don't refer to the
men in the villages as yeomen.
But she was doing a great--
she had immersed herself
in the history of the house.
I had talked with her,
and she said, you know,
Annie, if this house
is haunted, they're
not just passing through.
The spirits in this house-- if
there are ghosts in this house,
if that's what's
going on here, they're
attached to this property,
and I want to know how.
There has to be a scientific
explanation for this.
And so she truly
immersed herself
in the history of
the house, everything
that she could get a hold of.
And when she was finally
approached by the entity
itself, where do you
want to go with that?
>>REGINA: Go ahead,
and explain it.
It was just really-- it's
worse than most horror flicks.
>>PERRON: I don't know how
they could create it with CGI.
Any of what's in these
books, I don't know how,
which is why they opted
to do what they did.
>>REGINA: OK.
So are you talking
about Mrs. Arnold?
>>PERRON: Yes.
>>REGINA: OK.
So tell us who Mrs. Arnold is,
the uniqueness of Mrs. Arnold,
and Mrs. Arnold's feelings
toward your father.
>>PERRON: I have to back
up just a little bit.
The reason that
Bathsheba Sherman
was accused of being
the malignant maleficent
entity in the house was
because Mrs. Warren said so,
but that doesn't mean
that it was Bathsheba.
We are pretty certain
that it wasn't.
It doesn't mean she
was a lovely entity
by any stretch of
the imagination,
and I know that
there was contact
in connection with that house.
We only got bits and
pieces of the history,
but we got bits and
pieces of the history
from a man who knew her
when he was a child,
and she was an old woman.
So we had firsthand--
>>REGINA: She figures
prominently again in the film.
>>PERRON: She does, but in
terms of the language used
when this spirit
would communicate,
Bathsheba did not
die by hanging.
Mrs. John Arnold did.
She hanged herself in the barn
when she was 93 years old,
and I have to ask myself, what
was-- what was speaking to her?
>>REGINA: Exactly.
I mean, it's compounded
through generations--
these beings subject
to these other beings
subject to the one before them.
>>PERRON: Precisely.
>>REGINA: So let's
talk about Mrs. Arnold
now, because that
was a big event.
>>PERRON: I'll do my best
to describe this entity,
and I'll tell you how I
know how to describe it.
I saw this encounter happen.
I thought I was asleep.
I opened my eyes in my
bedroom above the parlor,
and I couldn't move at all.
I could not move.
>>REGINA: You were paralyzed.
>>PERRON: I heard
my mother screaming,
and I couldn't go to her.
And what I saw happening
with my eyes wide open
was this entity who had
literally usurped a solid maple
dresser and was now
standing right beside her
in her bed with my father
sleeping right beside her down
on the first floor.
And I could not go
to her, but what
I saw from a different--
an alternate perspective--
not as though I was looking at
it through my mother's eyes.
As though I was up in the
room looking down on it,
almost like an out
of body experience.
It floated.
It didn't have any feet.
And it had a long, kind of
grey to brown linen dress,
a very tight bodice, wide
belt, lace around the neck,
and the head was hanging off the
neck to such an extent that it
looked like it had been snapped,
and then just allowed to fall.
It looked like a
desiccated hornet's nest.
It had no discernible features.
The eyes were hollow
black sockets.
The nose was two little holes.
Very, very thin lips,
jagged yellow teeth,
and the head had sprigs of
hair, like wild sprigs of hair.
And it looked like it was
covered in cobwebs or something
meshy over it, and the head
was literally hanging down off
of the shoulders.
And it was moving closer
and closer and closer
to where it did not speak to
her during the first encounter.
She started to back up
and kick herself away
from this thing that was
coming down over her--
>>REGINA: Wasn't she
trying to wake your dad up?
>>PERRON: And she was
trying to wake my father up.
He had long black hair.
My hair used to be black.
I got it from Dad.
And she reached over, and she
grabbed a hold of his hair
and started yanking his
head, took her hands,
and wound it up into his
hair, twisted it, and started
yanking on him to wake up.
And she was quite
certain he was dead.
Quite certain he was
dead, and she was next.
And as it got closer
and closer, she
was literally crawling
up the headboard,
and she was kicking
him and pushing at him
and trying to get him to
wake up to release her
from this terrible dream
that she was having.
She was sure it was
a terrible dream.
And she reached over,
and his back was to her,
and she pulled the
quilt off of him.
And it was as if fingernails
had just serrated all the skin
on his back.
She never touched
his back, and it
looked like he had
been clawed to death.
And she just screamed.
And when she turned back
around, the entity was gone.
He didn't wake up.
>>REGINA: Well, as I recall
too, it was at that incident
where she said, God, help me.
>>PERRON: God, help me.
But she didn't say
anything verbally.
>>REGINA: In her mind.
>>PERRON: She thought
she was, but she was not
actually speaking.
She was screaming
in her mind, and she
was begging God for divine
intercession, immediate.
But I could hear it,
and my mother and I
are very profoundly
connected, so that that's not
surprising to me.
That's not unusual.
People have that happen
to them all the time.
But that I was in the room
and that I saw it was amazing,
and when it was over,
I couldn't move.
I was completely
covered in perspiration.
I closed my eyes.
I said, this has to be a dream.
I closed my eyes, and
I went deeply to sleep.
It was about 5:30
in the morning.
At 6 o'clock, I woke back up,
and I had full use of my body
again, and I hopped out of
bed, and I ran downstairs.
And my mother was
sitting on the loveseat,
and her hand was trembling,
and she had a pencil,
and she was sketching something.
And I walked over
to her, and she
had a cup of coffee in front
of her on the coffee table.
And I picked it up,
because for some reason,
my throat was as raw as meat.
It was like I had been
screaming, and I reached down,
and I took a sip of
her coffee, and I
looked at what she was drawing.
And I saw that she was
drawing what I had just seen,
and I dropped the coffee
cup, and it went everywhere.
And I said, oh, my god, I
just saw that happen to you.
I saw it happen to you.
And she said, don't talk
about it with your sisters.
And I looked up, and the
old grandfather clock,
the wall clock that we had,
had stopped at 5:15 AM.
Every major manifestation
that occurred in the house,
the clock stopped at 5:15 AM.
They all happened
at the same time.
>>REGINA: When your
father woke up,
and the scratches
were discovered,
what was his perception of
all of this or reaction to it?
>>PERRON: I don't know if I
can say it live on the air.
>>REGINA: Oh.
OK.
Maybe tone it down just a bit.
PG-13.
>>PERRON: He came
out of the bedroom.
We were all in the parlor.
My mother had
closed the notebook
and put it away so that my
sisters could not see it.
And when he came out of the
bedroom, he opened the door,
and he said Jesus Christ
at the top of his lungs.
Oh, that was how we
always considered
his exuberant form of prayer.
I mean it was just
his favorite swear.
And he said, my back burns.
It's on fire, and my mother
immediately went over to him.
She didn't want
any of us to see,
and she thought that
she was dreaming,
and so there wouldn't
be anything there.
And she took him through their--
she closed the bedroom door.
There was another door on the
other side of their bedroom
that went into the bathroom,
and she took him in there,
and pulled the mirror
out away from the wall
and showed him what
his back looked like.
>>REGINA: By this
time, was he starting
to believe there were
phenomena-- there
was a phenomenon occurring?
>>PERRON: No.
>>REGINA: Yeah, he
was really in denial.
>>PERRON: Complete--
>>REGINA: The man was terrified.
>>PERRON: --utter,
total denial, and as
well versed as you are
in paranormal phenomenon,
it is not unusual for the
quote man of the family
to take that tact.
It's not unusual at all.
>>REGINA: Because
they feel powerless.
There's nothing they can
do to protect their family.
>>PERRON: They feel
absolutely powerless.
>>REGINA: Yeah, I
can understand that.
>>PERRON: It's fear.
Fear is the most
powerful human emotion.
The only emotion that is
more powerful is love.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And we're going to touch on that
in a little bit with something
Cindy said.
So one of the other things that
was happening in the house,
you said the clocks
were stopping.
And I was just remembering
in a previous conversation
we had about the radio.
Tell us about the radio, because
this is stuff out of movies.
I guess that's why they
made a movie about it.
>>PERRON: Well, that's
actually in Volume 3,
but, of course, we could talk
for hours and hours about this.
But it was years
and years later-- I
think the Warrens had already
come and were long gone--
and Mom and Dad went
to a local auction,
because there was a spot in the
house that just seemed empty.
It needed something.
So she bought an old
1920s decorative radio.
It didn't have any guts.
The transistors were gone.
It didn't even have
a plug, nothing.
But it was a very
attractive radio.
We still have it.
My sister, Cindy, has it.
And so they brought
it into the house
and put it over in the
corner of the dining room
closest to the fireplace
where the mantle was.
And she had an old
pitcher and bowl and put
baby's breath in the
top and a pretty doily,
and it was just decorative.
That's all that it was.
But every now and then, it
would sing to us, and the song
that it would sing is
"Nights in White Satin."
>>REGINA: And this came up
yesterday in a conversation.
>>PERRON: Out of nowhere.
Out of the ether.
>>REGINA: You and I
were having dinner
with Paola Harris,
the UFO researcher,
who is also a friend
of both of ours now.
And Paola was saying, Regina,
when you go to England,
would you please give a message
to so-and-so about the song
"Nights in White Satin"?
And you said, my god, that's
the song that this radio played.
So again, we're always
surrounded, of course.
>>PERRON: But you
know, it took me years.
It took me decades
to understand.
It would blast
out of this thing.
It would clear the house.
Everybody would have to leave.
It was so loud.
I mean hands over the ears loud.
And it would play the song
all the way from the beginning
to the end.
And then the late lament.
Breathe deep.
The gathering gloom.
Watch lights fade
from every room.
And we thought that was the--
>>REGINA: Chills again.
>>PERRON: Yeah.
We thought that was the message.
That wasn't the message.
>>REGINA: What was the message?
>>PERRON: I love you.
>>REGINA: Oh my gosh.
Well, we're going to
continue on a little bit
having to do with your parents.
Their marriage is
disintegrating.
We're going to go to
the Warrens for a bit,
but, again, we have to
have another one or two
conversations to pick up on some
of those really large themes
of love and so forth,
although we are going
to touch on it in a moment.
So your mom and dad, it's
really disintegrated by now.
She's literally losing her
life, and your father's
even scratched up.
He's seen what's
happened to his wife.
He's still in denial.
At what point were the
Warrens kind of summoned?
Explain who they are, and
why they were called upon
or found you, however
that came together.
>>PERRON: Well, we didn't
know who they were,
and we don't know
how it happened
that Keith Johnson showed
up as a college student who
was doing paranormal
investigation with his group
Pyro.
He and his brother came with
their group-- just pulled
into the yard one day.
And he said to my
mother, you called me.
She said, no, I didn't.
I didn't call anybody.
I never called anybody.
But spirits are
perfectly capable--
>>REGINA: Of making phone
calls and playing music.
>>PERRON: Absolutely.
And morphing voices
and everything else.
A stunning revelation,
let me tell you.
My mother thought
that spirits were
unable to hurt a mortal soul.
Another stunning revelation.
Talk about a point of epiphany.
But they showed up
first, and all hell
broke loose in the house when
Keith Johnson walked in there.
All he did was dare to pick
up a piece of sidewalk chalk
and draw the sign of the cross
on two screens in a bedroom
window upstairs, and then
the window started slamming,
and the doors started
slamming, and my sister
got hit in the head, and
knocked to the floor,
and they flew down those stairs.
It's amazing nobody tripped over
and fell onto the other people.
And he is the one that went
to Ed and Lorraine Warren, who
were lecturing at Rhode
Island College, where
he was a student.
And he told them that we
were in a real predicament.
We had no idea
who they were when
they showed up at the door.
They came the night
before Halloween,
and I know that the
reason that they did
was because they thought
closer to Halloween,
the veil would be
thinner, and they
had a better chance of seeing
some type of manifestation
in the house.
What they didn't
realize is that there
is no veil, that it's the
illusion, not the spirits,
and that they could have
come to that house any time
and had the experiences
that they had there.
And when she walked in
that house-- and this
is how it all started.
This is how the
conjuring started.
She walked in the
house into the kitchen.
My mother graciously
allowed the men--
they seemed harmless
enough, lovely couple,
both very intelligent,
very well spoken--
and Lorraine walked over
to our big old black stove,
and she put her hand
on the corner of it.
And then she covered her
forehead and closed her eyes,
and she said, I sense
a malignant presence
in this house.
Her name is Bathsheba.
And that's how Bathsheba copped
the blame for everything.
>>REGINA: And now let's
just back up a tad.
How many entities were
actually in that house?
After you did the
forensics on it,
how many different beings
were you dealing with?
>>PERRON: That we had
personal contact with?
At least a dozen.
Some we only saw once.
I had a very incredible
encounter in that house
with a spirit, who I only
came face-to-face with once,
but she was a mirror
image of myself
dressed in 17th century garb.
>>REGINA: And
we're going to talk
about that in our
next conversation,
because this all
happened for purpose.
>>PERRON: It did.
>>REGINA: OK.
So we have a number of entities,
and backing up also just a tad,
Mrs. Arnold had a
thing for your father.
>>PERRON: She did.
>>REGINA: She did want
your mother there.
She did not want competition.
>>PERRON: Nope.
I do believe she
presumed herself
to be the permanent
mistress of the house
and that my mother
coming in with all
these younguns around her was
presuming to take her position.
And she loathed my mother.
I mean she really
worked her over.
But she had a thing
for my father,
and he was a very handsome man.
Who could blame her?
But see, he was alive,
and she was dead,
and she could not draw
that line of demarcation.
And when he would go,
she would literally
cause things--
mechanical devices that
were in the cellar, our
heating unit, our water, phone
lines, everything-- she would
deliberately-- nothing ever
broke down in that house,
unless my father was home.
>>REGINA: OK.
So the Warrens, they were
ghostbusters more or less,
right?
>>PERRON: Yeah.
>>REGINA: They fancied
themselves ghostbusters.
>>PERRON: I wouldn't
even say that.
I think that they were very
serious-minded about this,
devoutly Catholic.
That's one thing that my
mother really objected about
in the film is that
they were portrayed
as the holier than
thou Catholics,
and so completely ingrained
in the religious aspects
of their teaching and
Ed's work in demonology.
But we were portrayed in the
film as ungodly heathens,
and nothing could have been
further from the truth.
We were all born
and raised Catholic.
My father was an altar
boy the entire time,
his entire childhood.
We were all baptized.
We were confirmed
into the church.
My mother converted
to Catholicism
to marry my father, which
was done back in the day.
And even though she
certainly didn't
buy into all of the
tenets of the religion,
it was just what one did.
>>REGINA: So it
wasn't as though you
had heathens and Christians.
>>PERRON: No, no, no.
>>REGINA: So the
Warrens were there.
They had a strong Catholic
background as well.
During the time they
spent at the house,
she was the seer,
so to speak, right?
The more sensitive of the two?
>>PERRON: Yes.
She portrayed herself that way.
She did not describe
herself as a medium.
She described herself as
having psychic abilities
and being very sensitive
to the spirit world.
And I have no doubt about that.
But I do believe, and I do
believe that she picked up
on Bathsheba's
energy, but I think
she assigned blame
to the wrong entity,
because the second time that my
mother was approached-- again,
in bed with my father, who
was absolutely helpless,
put in some kind of
suspended animation--
this time she was approached
by a spirit who came to her
and said, 'twas mistress
once afore ye came,
and mistress here will be anon.
We'll drive ye out
with fiery broom.
We'll drive you mad
with death and gloom.
It took my mother
being hypnotized
to be able to recount all of it.
That's when my
father believed her,
when there was no
way this was just
a figment of her imagination.
Under hypnosis, you can't lie.
You can't make anything up.
>>REGINA: It was a little too
late for them by that time.
>>PERRON: It too late by then.
The breach-- the chasm had grown
so wide, she didn't trust him.
He didn't believe her.
That culminated in a terrible
division between them,
and he was gone a lot.
So things actually were
very peaceful in the house,
even though we had gotten
to a point where we had come
to accept what was going on.
And we all had our own
personal relationships
with our own personal
ghosts, so it
wasn't feeling of being
threatened or being fearful
so much anymore.
After awhile, you
get used to it.
>>REGINA: Yeah, and there
was one point in Volume 1--
I haven't read 2
and 3 yet, which
I will before we
speak next-- where
I think it was Cindy that
your mother was saying
this godless space.
Your mother was beside
herself by this time.
And I believe Cindy said
something to the effect,
no, it's not.
Can't you feel God here?
If God made us,
God made them too.
Now just expand on that
thought from the mouth
of a babe for a moment.
We only have a few minutes left.
>>PERRON: Cindy is a most
remarkable human being.
I mean, I wish you could
just have her to talk to.
She would blow your mind.
She's so integrally connected,
and I believe the same thing
that she believes-- that we
lived in the house of the holy
and that we were really not that
much different than they were.
Here's the thing.
From the age of 12 years old,
when I saw my first full body
apparition and mistook
it for a mortal soul,
I knew the way that I processed
that information was not
fear-based.
What that told me is that I
didn't have to fear death,
because there's
something beyond it.
That's how I processed
that information.
And so I've lived
virtually a fearless life,
but I don't live recklessly.
I know that life
is very fleeting,
and it can end in
a split second.
I'm well aware of that,
but I don't live fearfully,
because I know that everything
that I experience, every book I
read, every piece of music that
I hear, every person I love,
everything that comes into
my soul will continue on,
and even though this
vessel will, at some point,
say, OK, that's enough.
That doesn't mean
that's the end of it.
It's not ashes to
ashes, dust to dust.
That only refers to our being.
And so the way Cindy puts
it is you can't really
kill what's already dead, but
that we are what they are.
We're just in a different
form, or they're
in a different form
than what we are now.
But that doesn't mean that
we're all that separate,
because we're all
essentially immortal souls.
That's the biggest chill of all.
You know, the big
chill of the movie.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And you all learned
it as children.
>>PERRON: Children.
And what greater
gift can you have?
My mom looks back
on it, and she says,
it was a curse in
some ways, but I
hate to admit how many
blessings came from it.
And it's true.
We all feel the same way,
even though Cindy said,
you know, I wish it had
never happened to me.
I can't look back and
say it was the best
decade of my life
the way that you do,
Annie, but I will tell
you that it changed me
in fundamental ways,
and I will never ever
think about anything
the same way again.
See, the thing is we live in
a multi-dimensional universe,
and that was a portal
that's cleverly
disguised as a farmhouse.
And so when you are able
to be in a multidimensional
experience, when you cannot
only see what's happening
in your dimension, but you
can also see what's happening
in dimension around you.
The greatest review
I got of the trilogy
came from a quantum
physicist, who said,
this is a masterpiece.
It is empirical evidence
of the existence
of a fourth dimension.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And just as a little teaser
before we speak again,
your mother said
to you, ultimately,
I think it was because of
you that we had to be there.
And we're going to get into that
part of the story next time.
Meanwhile, there's one question
everybody is wondering.
Why in the world did your
family stay in that house?
>>PERRON: Because
we were supposed to.
>>REGINA: But I
mean, I get that.
We get that.
But on a just every day
walking around level,
wasn't there some point at
which your mother said, Roger,
we've got to get out of here.
>>PERRON: Oh, she
said that right away.
>>REGINA: OK.
But why did it never happen?
Is it just no one
really followed through?
There was no initiative to
really seriously get rid of it.
>>PERRON: There were no
laws on the books that
would protect a family
moving into a haunted house.
There are now, but
there weren't then.
Our attorney tried to get us
out of the deal within a month.
My father said, absolutely not.
We just invested everything
that we have into this house.
And if you remember,
1971, '72 was
when our economy tanked huge.
I mean, it was losing
property value every day.
Who's going to look
at a house and say--
>>REGINA: So you couldn't.
They really, practically
speaking, couldn't get out.
>>PERRON: They couldn't
without decimating
our family financially,
which was a consideration.
When you have five
little children--
>>REGINA: Yes.
And you little kids loved
playing out in the forest.
>>PERRON: Yeah, and we loved it.
We said, Mom, they're
not going to hurt us.
It's OK.
We'll be all right.
We'll get through it.
We didn't want to leave.
We begged, we whined,
we cried every time
she slammed her hand
down and said, that's it.
We're selling this damn house.
No, no, no, we love it here.
And we did have a little
bit of a democracy going.
Even though we
were children, she
did listen to our
point of view, but we
didn't know what she was
going through at the time
when that was happening.
And by the time the Warrens
came and the seance happened,
it wasn't an exorcism.
It was a seance.
>>REGINA: OK.
And there we go.
In our next conversation,
I'm writing down a seance.
>>PERRON: OK, write
down the seance.
>>REGINA: Because
I have to say--
>>PERRON: That's in Volume 2.
>>REGINA: --we're only
about 2/3 of the way.
This conversation is about 2/3
of the way through Volume 1.
That's as far as we've gotten.
There's so much more to
share and so much more
depth and richness of your
understanding of life.
There were UFOs there.
There's a lot more
to this story.
>>PERRON: There's
a lot more to this.
>>REGINA: So until
next time, thank you so
much for sharing this with us.
>>PERRON: Oh,
you're very welcome.
Thank you for having me.
>>REGINA: Next time
Andrea and I meet,
we're going to go much deeper
into the multi-dimensional
phenomena and what it's
asking and demanding of us.
Meanwhile, you can
purchase the trilogy
"House of Darkness,
House of Light"
through major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.